hey everyone welcome to my tank update I
made some changes this week i added a
couple piece of corals i have a bubble
for white bubble toil there I have a new
piece of live rock that has several
corals growing on it I'm not sure the
names of these well hopefully they'll
grow into something nice because I
mannequins are doing well I bought two
new fish i bought a sunburst anthea
who's now hiding and i also got a jaw
fish and blue that jaw fish you can see
here is Burrell who just went inside up
there he goes stuff on that Grievous up
on the glass is there because they just
change the water all day with hair up
soon the xenia seem to be doing well the
Sun verse is hiding right there her name
is Beatrice she is a little finicky but
she comes up sometimes the clown fish is
doing well I hope to add a mandarin fish
in about a year hopefully things will be
stable by then but I have some blue sea
pen i also bought she's pretty please
head over hopefully this coralline algae
spares i made a home for the blue dot
jaw fish but he didn't take terrific
just what I made for him some coral
rubble and the nice piece where he could
go into and hide but he decided to live
there instead so that's where that's
where he'll be of the sunburst just
coming out now the PCB choice of
sunburst she's very finicky issues
behind the Xenia anyway she'll be out
later well here's my update I'll bring
one next week take care